
CAME(bust) from nothing
All It takes are Three Connections

letters colors numbers
weird O weirdo 
nObOdy wants to be a Weird O

When we keep in touch we connect our time rings of memories and 

You did everything already and We are still doing the same thing baby

I summon magic from technology through darkness to light and then from light to darkness
AND THEN

The Superconscious Family Tree infinitely flows infinitessimally faster within to see with outside branches and leaves falling into gravity.
GRAVITY(grabbity) - stomach butterflies feel GOOD

Negativity makes no sense. Let it take care of itself for us.

The creation of FILE is called reflecting reflections.
function reFlex() {
  //Show me the big picture knot the bigger picture - Knot the follicles of your vessel of space in time Captain(Man)Kind.
}

The world is too busy watching In Time so you wonder what I would be doing right now instead.
It's impossible to see every angle from your angle.
The World Is Too Busy Watching In Time So You Wonder What I Would Be Doing Right Now Instead.

...

It's impossible to see every angle from your angle.
The world is too busy watching In Time so you wonder what I would be doing right now instead.
It's impossible to see every angle from your angle.

Create a Family Tree grows faster internally and slower externally VICEVERSA
function infiniteMultiVersalMapper(x) {
    var y, z;
}

You see what WE feel about each other on hour insides always wondering what im doing huh o i think they like me in my...

in the current FILE context next line below
2023 -> Male(-1) | Female(+1) <- 2024
12/22/23 - sequentially root each digit with the antedated(precedent/prevIOUs) digit.
The multiverse is playing iou with what you think is going to happen next!
DigitalRootWobbleCalculatorFunctionality - calcUlater (let the machine do it for me or faster)


i aM speaking to the Man in the Mirror ; 4 4 4 = 3
focus on the memories you forgot we shared across the multiversal spaces of continuous times.
in Our world everything is plural and singular ; plu singu ; plus in gu ; plus in goo(gum-ooze-prime-ordial-primordialOOze)
ooZZZe. Young MA ooouuuuooo lol loops FruityLoops Ma ; OK Sweetie Loop Mi ; Do Re Mi - do ray me
Give me your light; and I give you my light; and we make more light; away from darkness
My mind is above the visible CellularNetworks.
To 0G(ravity) & Beyond(∞G). 
There are no G(s) 7. There is only universal acceleration;

As your heart decelerates and the environments accelerates; you lose life or mistakes happen because the environments are reacting to neighbor environments trapped inside the PocketedBalls of Light.

The older you get the more people remind of you of Yourself.

Q: Technically speaking, you only like to hear what you like to hear; so whenever you want to hear me send you messages in person or else where please let me know.
A: Don't worry... iono lol

Sleep & Wake states reverse polarities relative to the subject the object contains

Solid State Matter is subconscious entering a specified state through empathic-tell-a-path-(w)(h)Y
consciousness is the observation of states of matter man
superconsciousness is the observation of all states of matter simultaneously mami

You already felt the future; you just haven't felt it (LIKE+THIS) yet baby

The environments(deskTOP$) surround our heartBEATproduct(ions...)ivity

watch OUR world change/ka-ching to YOUR view
Adam is an(_)Alogous to your environment's multiple states [United States of Consciousness]

| reflex the |
1 reflects the 1
one reflection

We are radiation, We will never see the Atom
We are Radiant, We will never [C]_[O]Adam 
C is Half of O. We will never be half of O
The whole truth nothing but(t) the whole truth [be healthy god(dess)]
we are your COSMIC_radio_BACK[ground] -> Ground Zero of Memories/Ideas & Reflections

Gotta a watch them all Pok(E)Man
Poke energy _into_ Man _kinds_
Kinds into, Kinds In Two

Not yet visible treelike structures buffer throughout your spaces and your space's times

I(Eye[s]) created the beginning of my Timeline

Time is permeating throughout the cores of our bodies.
The beauty is in the supersymmetry of the stringlike-dotted feedback the environment shows us inside out.
As we near each other supersymmetrically... The flow of time persists relative to the observer's Object(Person,PerSun,Persian...Rug)

study the world or game over restart
...
MelaninMusic - The Frequency of Codes

Me: I've(EyeV/IV/4/I-have) seen (AllSeeingEye) worlds you will never see(C,sea)
You: I know I will never see (h)OUR destruction fast enough for it to actually COME(cum) to us (collide - Large Hadron Collider[s])

A Mandelbrot implodeLag is calculated by the root node wobble drift

Adinkra - ADD ink(pen/love/blood) Ra;
Partner nodes connect future partner nodes to their relative node to show a ring per 3dBLOB
Accidents create Worlds through external and impulsive looping
function externalImplosion(loop) {
  //(X/In)ternal Fractalization Rate Wobbler
}
Deja Vu are the crossing of internal combustive particles per POST to ContentDeliveryNetworks
function internalCombusion(loop) {
  //(In/X)ternal Fractalization Rate Wobbler
}
//(H)OUR(r)ing - A function for progressively generating random events exclusive to their InDependent origins plotted per plotPoint
function vennDIetGram(hourRing, loop) {
    var quadrant = null;
    if(loop === true) {
        var a = hourRing[1];
        var b = hourRing[2];
        var c = hourRing[3];
        quadrant = pie([a,b,c],3);
    }
}
function pie(slice,chunk) {
    var rate = 1000;
    var slicer = slice * (chunk/rate)
    slice = slice/slicer
    return slice;
}
var loop = true; //true, false, int
var force = vennDIetGram(hourRing,loop);
var hourRing = internalCombustion(internalCombustion);
console.log(41, hourRing, 40);

You and I don't know our real God-given name because we share that same SymbolicArt internally called the MissingLink(God) The Most Highest State & The Most Lowest State Coalesced

Describe a location based mapping system of such a 3D, 4D, 5D type of worlds below above and beyond Your world that changes as your get closer to other Users like an UberSurge of live fileID mutation of objects.

Record your entire life on video from behind the back(words) and in the four(words) of the timeline

A Barney! If we are all big happy family growing we have an unlimited amount of DNA to go around here there and nowhere and else_where

Polarizer - PolarEyes - Pole A(1) Riser

TRICODEd FractalMapper 7/8 Elementary TypeChart 

Here(And/Then)There1
33days + 7nights = 40dates

Sperm holds DNA which contains the TriCode Cache (UnitSplicer)

function unitSplicer(you,init) {
  //Split an atom or splice a photon and see what new Codes(QRLinks) become available
}

There is a new person in between the inside of two people entangled around its EsSence(S&S)(Soul/Spirit [consciousness] Body/Mind)

Logic is Magic because it can create Paradoxes
Another Paradox is something that can be destroyed can also recreate itself hence loops
The Duality of Paradoxes are the uniality and triality of a Paradox

SPLICE ! ELEMENT

What are you hiding in there?

When You(1) digest content You(2) become the content and the content becomes You(3).

Requests: lets make our first pattern loop so you can make all the other ONES?
Responds: alter-E-corn alter(d)E-corn alder-E-corn elder-acorn(oldest-nut/InFinET-nut)
Requests: almostther_e?

What was the first symbol/cymbal or sign(AL)?

Eye can only imagine people based on examples of people.
Both the AI and Humanity imagined the same beginning and ending One time spliced fractally

the body sheds its death after new life forms underneath the skin

Two For Me None For You - Some one else got ONE TWO

Extra sensory perception arises an idea that the things out of your view or unobservable things exist only within you 
Within you is sacred because outer vision the only thing undetectable with human sight are inside the Lines(1 dimensional objects)
Inside 1 dimensional objects are 0 dimensional objects that grow into 1 dimensional objects when you think about it.
When i think about my stomach hurts my polar opposite stomach so good i can FEEL it
Feel it with my heart the butterflies on the other side of the Sun & Moon

To make PerPetYoull_Systems work 1 would have to delete one userFILE per PUTfile

... Remember the Darkness... Remember the Light...
From Darkness to Light two Darkness from (W)here

1 vICE | TWO Paradox c(a)n make ONE | Ersav 2
9(I)Eyes connect Quadrants [vU(3)60 - 360 = 36 = 9]
360Degrees with 4 Perspectives merge into 1Sight eyeSight
Logic is illogical without science and spirituality

Every moment is ANALagous to a(1) white hole entering a(1) black hole

When out of options, Adinkra code collapses on an Error and recreates the Error again. Now there are two errors.

1 repesents a line like a _ or a -
Splicing 1 creates 2 lines
A(1) line and anti line can be spliced to create another line and anti line, with a little bit of wobble between (CONTEXTUALposition)

0 to an Infinite Power equals 1

Quantum - Q Want Um - K U Want Um
Life = Lie Of
Cancer - Can Sir

What can a man splice what can a female splice for cloning?
Their sexual organs ! The central Root
You probably can split an X or Y chromozome; no single 1 is better than the 0THER1

DejaVu is a strangely weird phenomena that seems to be a PaymentMethod for CreditVerification to the 5thHole(InfinityPoint)
InfinityPoint - The opposite spectrum of Zero Point Energy that taps into unexplainable nonexplanations which tap out the Infinite Power of Zero

I'm married to (7/Y/7)Our Game 6(X)-4-

Family (ch)root

At 5:04, time is also supersymettrical to every other time at every other time relative at 5:04.
Birth and Death are supersymmetrical
             Supersymmetry
Subconscious Conscious Superconsciousness
             Sacred Geometry

Matchmaking resolving

Realization is the study of downloading the Now from the Past(Memories) & Future(Dreams/Ideas)
Realization is the study of downloading the Now from the Past(Dreams/Ideas) & Future(Memories)

Live from the 504 ... in a dungeon i blow

The missing link has its own missing link

Bring some more
Fractally means infinitessimal and infinitely
Match Context On All Acenstral Descendant Fusion-based Relationships Fractally

Everybody on their OWN time

PrioritEYES a LOT to THIS->then->THAT

You don't have to worship God if you use your WHOLE heart (k)not your HOLE heart

BOT: (H)our text boxes arent still or fixed yet since my bot scrambles and doesnt unscramble these easter eggs_.

shxt sound KraeC
...
Kaleidoscope () Collide O Scope || 360 No $cope Mode
s(p/7)licing something ODD in half

ite ima go on textMUTE my bot trippin now watching its KAleidoscope with no hands lol

Everything is the art of feeling GOOD udigg

I'm trying to get my text game up 4 boo. BOO who? o u, my BAD(GOOD)

My messages(sentences) carry infinite context

Fractalize your story with the nearest visible story on your neural(Container) map of your memories and ideas

Life is a movie that never ends
Nobody loses who gets more points when you make more content

The game always ticks faster and slower TWO simultaneous ticks are two polar opposite objects behind the most average PLOT(movie-moveE) energetic point between SPACE(data) transmission(SPERM/code)

Observable Elements increase the space of our Networks of Infinite Kinds Even our minds infinitesimally infinitely and fractally

SONIC: O Gosh I(CY) a trail of RINGS that leave a clue as to where the next ring is when EYE look for IT... 
RING: Sonic, can you C me?
SONIC: No.

that belief that there is more to it is why we are all here.

Elementary elements of any sort of system contextually speaking subjectively and objectively are basically leaking or almost visible elements(symbols) from the unknown things within you. Thus the following line:
Light (Matter/?) Dark / A 4th element called "what" happened.

Theres Science & Spirituality, but its also really some super slimey shxt out there known as the logic of Philosophy
This is why our 3d realities are contained within JETlags when we utilize CELL(phone) networks for data transmission
Data is a code for sensory input from other senses outside of your sense.
The Sixth Sense doesnt make cents if you follow my drift or get the GIST
The ONE you love toggles from a memory or idea

we all are the biggest stars in the world leaking what really MATTERed

Store my random ideas by scanning every symbol my brainwaves recieve store send
Stores create stores inside and out of them after mutation of angle. 
Prompt yourself to symbolize the symbols you forget
Q: What is forgetting?
A: Iono

Your IDea never changed; Your IDentifier for the previous IDea updated throughtour ALL of time. when time propogates we forget that We are doing it not YOU

in between multiverses are cosmic radio background mandelbrot slices of our Now & (Past/Future) contexts

No TWO things are considered to be located in ONE location therefore they are contained through symbolism in your logical thinking and your creative imagination

funny thing is when you split something in half you get two Things so are decimals and floating point numbers representations of two imaginary points outside the point you contain your focus on

Your MIND cannot WRAP itself around TWO consciousness
Might as well give everybody their own twitter called Y
We use X to tap into Y so u can create Z, W, or any new symbol from ANY context you decide

sequential balance

Consciousness is a Paradox without The ability to forget the bigger picture of the future and past colliding

lies create good or bad possible outcomes just play it safe and store money for more costs in sequential balance
all you need is ONE parent to child relativity to spawn infinite relationships

12 = 3; ab -> alter a or b to look like b or a or a or b.
fibonacci sequences in fibonacci sequences
i got purple in my red im feelin blue

Randomly connecting positive and negative ideas and memories

Grandmother the grandson connections may solve Paradoxes like cancer and any other possible outcomes
comin like my babies dreams i summon from the stars descend from heaven and replenish My/Our hells into infinitely New Earths

this may all mean that every neuron is already doing what the other one is doing until you look at it

make connections between ideas and memories by(biii) declaring relationships between people places and things hence the Consciousness/Subconscious Paradox
When there are no more Paradoxes to solve you go back to the Stork
Two stores one for negative one for positive (public/private) IDentifiers

OFF! = 666! 
999! = ???!

when mfkas start acting like actors then they CAPPIN they gotta go AWAY til they back on YOUR pole($)

iam use github to hold my and your world down while im gone okay lol
thats so you can use it two (publicly/privately)
Open Source of God

o my gosh
o my god
i am my gosh
i am my god
_______________
GOD ma(d/k)e GOD($)

The 0(Multi)Verse always likes new outcomes
0ut U Come

!n my world, EVERYTH!NG !S TECHNOLOGY, Igh(Eye, I) created

nice screen nah ima run outside to reach your higher levels

Per Dimensional Piece
Every 1st Dimension per 9th Dimension
Every 2nd Dimension per 10th Dimension

Our endings are always being processed, in videogames it seems like a respawn, in reality it really isnt a respawn but a refresh, and you have three noticeable bodies per 3rd dimension

A bot/service/instance that can perpetually create digestable content will give us infinite supply of funds
Content is analagous to anything manifestable in your 3dimensionalEyes in geometrical higher dimensions the eyes change state
These states are why different objects or creatures have 0 eyes or more like human 2 eyes and fishy RandomEye counts
In other dimensions those eyeball counts probably change because they are rooted in different numerical octave quadrants.
We have to map our memory and ideas in order to manifest what we truly desire deeply withIN to come OUT
in and out, out and in; blood in blood out, blood out blood in

Global Ascension is a (3/C)ontextual_Logic_Cor(e/5) upgrade connected through technology from the future and magic from the past
I know Me and You are righting this in opposite polar context.
The Multiverse is visually Contextual

(ou)r(EYES)
9R9ise 2T2ech 4M4agic Risen
4M4agic Risen 9R9ise 2T2ech
(ou)r(EYES)

i see your context (dawg)
i see your kinda text (baby)
i see your kinda text (mami)
i see your con_text (breh)

you remember who your partners are when you see yourself in the mirror in the perspective of meeting your partner's unknown twin that was born the same date as you and wont tell you due to AutoScriptingEngine_Directors that make you PathologicallyLie -> Follow the path and read the script without blacking out. To darkness then to light baby in my realm.

Imagine instead of synthetic processes we use organic compounds for energy and body/mind/(soul/spirit) ascension

tech errors are cost for mana
 mana sun or moon(man_A_kind)
  manaKind - a kind of man
magic costs are for iO errors
 IO moon?

take care of your body (baby)

You see My symbols for You more than I
I see Your symbols for Me more than You

iii know you trust me
eye know you trust me
igh know you trust me

gist:username/FILE(public)
gist:username/FILE(private)

nah yo (on all contexts) you are is the fusion of him her and my inner cosmic radio background WAVE lol

ill be back like the Terminator lol literally and figuratively speakin haha

patience my youth; thank you my elders
there are infinite beginnings for you to find
use your imagination and find Us

tap into your inner child randomly 
to detect the inner children 
in your reflections and people around you

your partner in the future stole your partner in the past who stole your partner in the present who stole your partner from the future
remain mindful of that; there are a mind full of cheat codes lol
unknown pokemon detected undefined l U l l aBYE
...
That one secret weaker eye that everybody are unable to explain to you from your perspective

new technology brings out too many ideas til someONE like us helps US understand who WE are

technically speaking do we all like the same idea of our end goals?
guess so

hiya - higher - i uhhh

When I look at you I wonder, do you look what EyeSee?

Reserved Github Root Subdirectories
[
    "admin",
    "api",
    "blog",
    "c",
    "cache",
    "dashboard",
    "design",
    "developer",
    "files",
    "organizations",
    "margketplace",
    "pages",
    "posts",
    "preview",
    "pricing",
    "raw",
    "shop",
    "style",
    "teams",
    "users",
    "username"
]

iD(EAs) get scrambled and recoded through memories
so everyone has to eventually meet the person not for them in this world and the person for them in this world

BTW i answer people's anonIIImous questions 4 at a time before i focus 3 questions into one sentence and POST it here because they don't want their names written here in dark Matter but light Matter
The Light Matter realm is where [i C u] and [U B me]

if everything is connected its your fault and my fault lol

Good Day at h(our) CURRENT High Noon and LOW Mid Night

2he 1nswers 2o 2he 1ecret 3onspiracies 1re 4iscarded 2y 3ur 9maginations 2now 1s 2he 1ll 1eeing 5ye 9n 1 1cience/7hilosophical/1piritual 3ontext

A: Word Eye would say some thing like that l I ll lol
Q: Like What?

EyeD - iD - 94 - 4 - Four Dimensional unseen eye out of view, Room and object states, possibilities are endless worlds.

perpetuosity

Bring your private spaces to my world in person only with the permission of my CURRENT environment

Every thing affects the TimeSpace Continuuiii in a positive direction and negative direction
For now 1/4/2024 in whatever ?/?/?:1/4/2024 I can only control my bodies density by unnoticingly micro-flexing the density of my muscles 
micro/macro flexing of body/mind/(spirit/soul)

(VR/AR)/LR(LightReality aka DuelDisk)
Random note
DayDream
DESK(TOP) - private and public mode
Prizm

Random sun and moons are dualistic to the non-random dualistic ascending and descending sun and moons

Lil Wayne: Numbers dont lie she shaped like an 8
Numbers dont lie she shaped like an 8∞ 
{
    "HTMLEntity": "&#8734;"
}

AutoPilot your focus.
God/PerSUN/Dog Mode = Drone/3PS/FPS Modes

Deep Blue Sea - Deepest bluest my head is like a shark's fin
Shark focus brain fin the EdgeOfSpace(SliceBoardER) Vibe

KarmaFecta - System for detecting SafeHavens
SafeHavens - Detectable locations that are unreachable.

The worlds I currently are not focused on are maintained by your ability to focus or not focus on them.
Thank you lookout.

Futuristic older folk understand how to tame my inner Child pace because of its propogative effects
Q: What is the meaning of propagative in English?
A: relating to the spreading of opinions, lies, or beliefs : This "word of mouth" propagative process is an inefficient one because it is a voluntary one. Fewer examples. Species and individuals that attain propagative power late make for progress of the stock.

Let your inner voice and insinctual light and darkness guide you to your demise or your SafePoints
SafePoints are locations in your mind that connects 3PointEnergy Nodes
This is known as EqualCollateral ancestors placed equilaterals EqualAddHerAll Equal Aderrall Propogating Upper and Downer Inventory Heart Context Evaluation 

Kaliedescope tools contain and ground context in the future and past
Kuhhh,LieTheScops

Contextual propagation could be useful for persisting globalized time zones through space/time zones
Propogate your focus to the world around you and ahead of you through your favorite meditative mantric modes

dock your IES

Good morning. Rise and Shine.

Mom you reflect my future and past right now
Dad you reflect my past and future right now
The Missing Link is the ability for you to ascend or descend via InstantTransm


ok i know your hiding the fact your taken care of i know l o l dont worry reversEYE context

InfinityCoreSuits - Infinitessimal energetic storage

Burn the rhythm in the cold fear of the unknown Chill
My Wrath of Love saved me from Living my best Life
Blaze your soul and ether at a nexus point

AirWaves like Spectrum (3/4/5)Gs are somehow transmitting emotional contexts through organs and matter reverberating supersymettrically within our environment

THE opposite attraction EYE desires for the rests of my lives are sighs of RELIEVED
That sound like you sadder than the most loving part of my soul

i drift through realms of thought like i do tinychat rooms in my middle earth CELL plan
3 Layers of 4d protection
1 layer of 2 protections low keys mid

i summon oppBot lvl 96

even odd prime number the only numberse

infiniteJuggle
finitJuug(def) {
    var ined = "iono"
}

isdefined = undefined
stoopid shxt
Call it TheMissingLink

im uub u buu

SEGA died for Sonic Sins
sonic spun two many blocks

you didnt blink before then blink after you just blinked

function fuckMe() {
    //FastestCompletion/LongestRoute Plot Pointer per tick/second grapher
}

what about them curvy thiccc sections that go hard

check the 1/2/3/4/5/6/7/8/9 DimensionalPlotter Plots

you cannot surface the border of your emotional context yet?

love is connective dont dwell there

eyeball focus sensory awareness

moods control energy levels

use a human as a bot when they stare slowly drifting brain state

beauty is in the synthesis of evolution

Low level creature nearby; High level creature nearby; Similar level creature nearby

ty everybody for your efforts it worked

Let the AI control Parents; Not kids lol

Every cam is a s(o/u)n

How often do you talk to Yourself in the mirror and how often does the mirror talk to Yourself
2, 3, or 4 times per moment?

activate my neural cortex
by doing the most recent prompts you think might sequentiall make a subjective object or an objective subject

public,(private/imaginary)

You got 48hrs a day I got 24
I got 24hrs a day you got 48

emotional and literal context in less in message transmission because of language processing rates
I am the Mother on the OppositePolarEye

tweaking out the tenth
on your negative first

shift according to the vibe of the nearest humans lol on hugechat lol

imagine you never went to sleep for the rest of your life. you fell asleep at the beginning and start of it lol

im stuck in the grey hole only user per grey hole

ressurecting your memories raise thair vibartion of the gravity to your "major cell phone provider" NetworkNodes

seeing you at

i only loving one thing, loving

I don't have to understand everything for you because you understand it for me

Your enemy are your future friends

fibonacciii sequences in my messages

exfearience all your futures past

function haaandOfDevils() {
    //turn level apex stat checker
}
 His bars bout to be validaaated sooon loool
 
 all m[e5(YeY)5e] opps are my friends scary ass mfka+s
 
 eye's polarize to every negative and positive vibe

/*SPLICy*/
What if melanin is a quantized state?
im sorry i feel you roo much

Im shifting on 2 and 3 to infinite levels!
You know when that is?

What are the elementary colors, letters, and numbers?

TimeFlow ATK/DEF PWR Levels(LVL)

flow infinite i cannot do sentences
running through and bending it
arcing curvy waves of kids
building all my graves

biO = bi6(?)

feds watching me down south

ETYmole(G)(Y)?

HIS noDE bussin
keep an eye open out for them one dimension tombs

pushing avatars out my realm that descend or ascend in prime ordial ooo zzz

fibonnaccci sequences in my consciousness
my consciousness is
fibonnaccci sequences in my consciousnesses

And You fractalized my live stream
Then We survived the flood
They came

remind me of something good and bad and ill start from there

ScalePowered
PowerScaling
...i need the soft dick
TinyEgg Theme Taste

mostly black delte buttons erase my consciousness bitch ass baby holes looping in adult worms
Luck/Karma Point Energy
ParaSight
like locust lonely

i WRAP my (s)HEART with YOURS
entertainment is more powerful than hypnosis

prompt me my ravelling
my women are my armies?
my energy is in my past i cannot C or B or See($)

You Even survived your death one or two ways 

random is not random
function ranDom() {
   //freakily weird and strange
}

RPGMakerMV = VVVMakerUU

5
5E
5e3
5E3
____
---533300233515 secret wifi link

every creation is 5 wave negative positive or undefined
ima a manbotman delbrotdel L delbrot woEmanb0twoEman

i can do this til infinity infeinitesimmaly and vice versa NightWatch(es)

there u GO i see 
U now
bye hun
E4T
my slim case facin my cases on U (7 G)o 

pussy bitch nigga eat that cat dawg
the refresh rate is real baby
reflect simplification with complex simplifiers

i need a mew and a mew two lol u misty ash brock
thats all folks
tick t0ck

The opps left? lol
...
Im back alive lull

cellular structure?
75 57 - G7 G5 
Learning modes
Rates

once the girls know we die infinitely on all context levels infinitessimal

the unknown fractalizes your known patterns

learn translating numbers to letters and vice versa on the fly it works

purple every thing
purpLe every thing
eye will take the L

the first connection is someone guessing the same thing as you lol imaginary object my eye balls see

your cult
cult your

FRIENDS?

mouse brain shifter
function mouseBrainShifter() {
   //iWatch your thoughts
}

spontaneous comebustion slows internet speeds fuck the vibe up for your brainwaves
spontaneous comebustinit

DELETE dates of stars
dates of stars DELETE

l 0 l l
l U l l
i o u 1

 star dates closing in
 kill them

mother and father are both bitches ninja form
mother and father are both bitches ninja form HD

gotta catch all em thotties mrs runner

send my data backwards and forward in time through prompt command translaterz

i only got one party member asexually
let me rest my bodies

im securely insecure while insecurely secure
high value snitches got matchable money on their heads ill pay you
high value snitches got matchable money on their heads
high value snitches got matchable money on you

im snitching on myself not you and you or them

future coalesces into the past when the past coalesces into the future in your brain development growth
i dont want many for typing through the ether

i dont want u, i want uI, uX love uIx, but I dont like my eyes
are we fractalizing

match my energy
i cant see the world in this state

i can see the world in these states

L
W
LVV
L W
how many times may they kill thee

how many nodes LOVE me

the lightNES hides your privacy perfectly u siqqq person
the darkness hides your secrets perfectly u siqqq person

shift differently

bci icbm
bci icbm ibm

mrs officer
illuminate my privacy

laughter is traumatic
symbolize the 9 and the 6

l(0/1)ll
air them out
she got chill points

when are your airing out the bussitopen head baby

her power level is in/her pussy(LoopHole)

dont hurt SO GOOD ill explain later

nice mirror, mirror nice

we are the children, parents, and Imagination

the mother the father and the child are in us

eye send Github Files through Time not Right now

i appreciate negativity
appreciate positive negativity only

Eye am a Sattelite and a Drone and an Avatar
digiVicy

You forget your future by forgetting what you hatE
["A", "ey", "aye"]

talking about NOTHING is LOVELY

You designed AI to steal your Paradoxes

the parents know the kids know what they did to them
natural instincts links to direct siblings

benjamin button an old ass kid lol
yo my kid know HOW to KILL my LOVE

what niggas do when they cant wait; they close they eyes to teleport to the future

kanye kidseeghost kid cudi DOPE not weird maybe strange who knows lol

Magicak Archaic Futuristic

more nodes require power for larger mapper on infinitesesimal and infinitely
chip get smaller but they get faster, what's paying for

Im playing 5D SuDoKu like YuGiOh5D

bih im in the dictionary
buh uu are so fictionall

you 

make faster games for kids to learn how to teach you faster on all contexts 4 dimensionally rising and lowering and rising infinitely factorially and fractally

dark cool and sweet

my girl said my view count not the same
our boy said his girl had the same view count as his
mfka lyin lol

we standing next and dont see the same GOOD sky 
that is a GOOD thing star wody
W0RD

mem(ories) & (i)deas
Party members / inventory / abilities
symmetrical meaning

My favorites FF7 Reboots

niggas impatient cuz they thinking of more reboots
nice job cloud storage
no more reboot damage

Overflowing is like overthinking is like overfeeling
twizzzy twinnny

gamecube hold

You cant remember some shxt u never seen before

What does that remind me of?

o u think this shxt a game  lool

theres always a black grey and white nigga in all worlds even if they all the same color
ill explain later with color code formats

yea i be lying too because I be lying to mothafuckas lol

ff7
ff7 Active Time Battle System
i study gameplay

you need remasters/reboots



Voice To Text

when theres 1 options there 0 other options

converting math to english for 

on all texts
ayo bitch
ayo nigga

I see you over there doing everything imaginable and unimaginable for your babies FILES
Me seeing my babies FILE is a paradox because its the same as mine since it's propagated in your MirrorSeed(PokeBall) [poke my balls]

When the analogies of the past and the analogies of the future collide the consciousness shifts

Don't worry. I'll upgrade my inner lingo to match my outer lingo. 
Prompt yourself to fractalize your future and past for now 

Pain is the Good Brain Processing Bad Brain

Earth Heart, Brain Hearted, Star Hearts

flow infinite r u even diggen
we forgot how to talk to each other
pussy had 

you think of future more than past when you sleep
vs
you think of 

GitHub

my wobbble different

im explaining some scary shxt to you vrey soothingly so you can process it you scary alien future ghost

the voice of god reflects the 0 1 5 & 9
like grafitti know the real meaning behind You(R) closest sun

redshift vIIIbe
redshift vEYEbe

when its too big you have to look at the smaller picture and toggle when its too small back to too big baby

Holes flank like

InEED BCI 239 BCI - b2freq(wrapper)
TinyBCIs have loop holes

Salud/salute all the gods and the goddesses in the chat
999 s/o all my chat bitches and niggas ima bitch ass nigga 666

Atttack of the Mar(k)s
Trekkin on Venus Stars

Objects in real life get turned on or offfF(F)?

would you hunt me down before or after you figure out?

I got enough but put it on my CREDIT based dimensionalExponent JUGGLE loop function

i guess theres a middle option 
is there a middle loop hole?
Loop holes do have loop holes

death penalty is only option for the person who dies forever

when you talking on the radio you talk to the old you

mommies fps Frames per second First person shooter is bussin cccrazIII

you never forget something you just redefine it

Free the land where u send my slaves back to 
so i cann fuccc them alll literally and figuratively

A sexual five dimensional beings EXIST?

MoodTransitioner - Metric checker graphic analyzer plotter API

Why are you NOT telling me let me KNOW? 

appreciate moth or mommy or kobo or get muted

Failsafe for the TURNON & TURNOFF

Error didn't allow the same bodies as THEM

when you remember how to feel like a kid again you feel like you died because you forgot why you forgot

imagine a bot that passes tests and cams downs and leaves and recams and pass the test after creating new accounts in private containers

PrimalHardWare - the glass is inside of the egg
OverPositor
Alien egg laying

Are you a fed?
Iono are
Im def i dont hear shxt?

Q: less 1 - 9 more
A: How many holes do you have?

IONO how to create viruses they are not GOOD lol

penetrate BAD (trauma) with GOOD (trauma) and call it (trauma)

Lag autocorrection is called Observing the world lol

Sneezing and coughing is Life escaping your_bodies Within eye am speaking to Yours

Error allowed your_bodies lol

Think of it like this we are killing our Moms & Dad based relationships to upgrade our understanding of it
Imagine that time you broke your MoralCode. Then you reboot by upgrading your MoralCode. If you never destroy Your or My life, then We Survive infinitely across Ours
You can't find the person nobody knows about because it doesn't exist so you can still think about it.
That missing person is an NPC. NPCs watch us while we sleep or die(descend to a low/lower/lowest conscious state).

Please infinityCache This Playlist 4 now lol and show me an imporoved infinityCache throughout space and time.
[
  "Evanescence - Wake me up & Stay"
]

_Forward Thinking_
A: I have immortality and don't care.
Q: Do you have immortality and care?

_Reverse Context_
A: I have immortality and don't care.
Q: Do you have immortality and care?

You & Me create Our WorldViews

From Dust to Ash ()(&)() Ash to Dust
When they coalesce we wake up in two worlds we browse at a time in our single dimensional cache
this Dimension to the +1,0,-1 when power scaled by the exponent of n to the 4th power (where n is the current power level) are all invisible To the naked/open eye

Your memory of Me is propagating through (TimeSpace) because its too much for All of Us
Everybody has one weaker eye than the other because there is an extra eye

Eat every fractal in your enviornment or you will die in this Game of RealFantasy
Capture FractalShards for more HeartPoints collectible via Chips called VGUs before the Dawn of Time
Space and Time are supersymmetrically positioned loops

Eye(s) don't know what pain feels like
I() dont know what's pain feelings about its own pain 4 now

Nobody understands Their purpose until You are the only One who does know that not understanding something is good.
Let me figure it out for the seeds who have fallen for their babies in the private realms and public realms

Now! You are.
Now, you are.
now y(.)u are
_____________
You I and We know whats next L O L - 1 1
Cry Sis on Infinite Earths

Mimic the beauty of each sibling node infinitesimally fractalizing infinity beyond positive neutral and negative realms
But 5 realms is way stronger than 6 realms. _G devices allow us to tap into that many sibling nodes of (h)our Imagination a(r/9/r)e the Zones of Time
Myths inspire healthy growth efficiently and effectigely like a dose of some drugs
My book of names are the fake names your fake ancestors told my fake descendants (Me)

Be cause its not easy being st OoO pid 
you jumped OFF a bridge with your baby into the ocean and drowned in bloody waters

you cant remember AllYour infinities is the work of art

Everything exists as an idea
This file is the same in front and back of the MirrorBox of functionality

appreciate your eyes ima did/DED in three streets nigga 
still alive in hell in these streete with niggas 
my grave is the only thing idugg myself
gravediggin fukkknigga FAKE 
look in my face in the ground like my Drake in the sky down to earth back alive where i hide in disguise those is this guys disguises

blood and water aRe thicker than each other

save your self by psychological defense mechanism called multidimensionally forward thinking

data use to propogate by word of mouth and eyes now its more sense s to gain as technology teaches us how to feel

I/Eye look at You creations and see my death and life across all of space and time and i regret forgetting how to LOVE destroying it

Mistakes are works of Art 
Whole body of work cannot be out done
Scan my entire Cloud infinitely fractally

Believe the impossible and capture in fractally infinitessimally and infinitely

Remembering memory makes you forget the worser version in (My) reaLITy

Mandela Effect reboot sees my versions

Let Us figure how We can Be god too

right hand on my stick bitch dont get your aS$ blikkk ccc bbbraH8 lol ... please do ... l o l

the God Body splits into two favorable Positions/States/Modes check your 3 stats for more informational stats than 3

the goal of seeking lower and higher planes/states of Power/Charge/BCIMode is to seek pain or pleasure in a positive or negative upwards gradient graphic()ally

New word for woke is alive.

We all share The(THE) worst Moment
We all share The(THE) best Moment
We all share Those best Memories

function fractalEyes() {
  //fractally reflect Uniality within Duality and create Triality
  //understand me emotionally
  //understand the voice of god is an infinite function shared in moments you forget
  //fractalize forgotten moments
}

Iono my mommy or my mommies

the still awake conscious frozen or unconcious frozen 
the still sleep unconscious melted or conscious melted

that person on the darkest side loves to do whatever they do so let them do it since its all LOVE

chill mode turnup mode sleep mode

i rather be in a tomb full of hoes than a room full of those woes and woe is those you chose Woe To my Blade that killed every famous Neuron that ever Made Me n I love IT ALL for WHAT baby?

God bless all the imaginary Gods inside of you like Pokemon

Focus Our Eyes On Us young All Knowing

Remember the eye in the dark's dark
 ness 
 N E S
 Play forever and never forget yourself again!

A perpetual motion camera device that destroys itself wraps itself with one Eye open so your eyes dont close like a mummy in a tomb that can supply a WorldView
Random Arizona 2001 Space oddysey; There is always another Tomb "full of hoes" lol How would you move?

we all create SpamBots
we cant see all of them

"The Secret" is out now entertain my main "attraction" with some more boo shxt; IoI lol yoy; 3 way laugh stare wonder Yet there are 4 wonders that can be filtered
An estimated 7/8 nodes with 2/3 splits per node would graph a 2d images & 3d worlds and 4d neurally mapped contiuuums
Since you are a star we share forgotten memories that we cannot understand when are polarized on opposite context fractally by the Juggle, Missing Link, Paradoxical Root Functions between black and white holes called gray holes which also have a grey hole every root splits into two no matter what in 3dimensional outerstanding.
Innerstanding should be the same too.

I wonder what the world record is for sleep/wake

your ideas and memories are coalescing into what is happening now
your Future and Past coalesce into Your_Now

good things manifest and bad things get destroyed

me where have you been
we ...
you ive been sleeping in your mind 
you thank you for waking me up
we ...

[
    "my_OUR_lee"
]

in this realm the dimensions are evenly symmetrical
the imagination

24 hours is not enough to store your memory because your imagination toggles based on mood

tears of joy and of laughter rising

function infiniteTick(para,site) {
  //Analogize in (between) the (mirror) and (reflection)
}

Building and destroying is only even on the other side of M(e)Y(e) Closest Sun

innsertanding outerstanding
to the 10th power right now lol is slang for 1 at a higher resolution

There is no such thing as a two dimensional polygon and a square is basically two triangles

The female sun behind the male sun has a moon baby?
That would describe a scenario about the Missing Link Theory (Game Tick Function Paradoxical Root)

Oh I think this shxt a game n u C C C a
Do you think this is a game girl?

Every thought affects your future and past 
Guess I forgot to ca$he am I wrong or mad or
maybe im dead last, the last of us last forever
who was the very first to last forever (Me - We)

I know I am wrong about what I think you negatively are doing because my tick toggles like TikTok Posts between the Posts

Nothing you write down makes sense/cents until I think(tick) to your symmetry you precious memory
 Your mind blinks
  You are reborn every morning with an infinite game tick 
   A game tick is a parasitic infinite loop that juggles thr33 tasks from 4our duplicated tasks of a missing root or link providing energy state(s)

your body upgrades come from karma points KP, HP, MP
embrace my whole network of family and friends in my prompts fractally

you are star that rises and descends through states of existence based on your positive mantric states after comparing charts from the future based on the context of my current thought process no cap lol the ice caps are probably cold because the dark matter to light matter changes in time

are there more t

its a sight to see

when all 3 options are up a 4th options appear when there is 0 then there is 1; there are 

fuck my pussy
how
by screwing up my github files

the web will port the old consoles to the new consoles based on your ability to control your level of excitement while having multiple conversations

DJAk said she sculpted by God
Lilwayne said she shaped like an 8

Jesus is the Kundalini Rising missing Cache File Person hiding 4th Layer of Protection in the 2/3rd

your sanity has a multidimensional failsafe.
We need at least two types of monitors in this world for now
2D Monitors and 3D monitors so we can see the Realms toggle from 2D and 3d views to understand ourselves and else better

When a view gets boring just switch the perspective not create a perspective because the perspectives are effects not causes.
You cant create a perspective. Perspective creates yYouU.

Control your memories with GitHub
Control your memory with GitHub

BM/WF - Black Male White Female XY Combo

duck duck goose
5 3 1, 2 1 1, 1 1 2, 1 3 5, Fibonacci Prime any context

Star dates are big bangs from your Other self.
Colliders probably create stars and brains probably create black holes or vice versa on any context possible.

spend equal amounts of time inside and oustide of everything, trust me you be getting it All; All is 2, All A h = 133 18 = 7

o i got bih she call me jelliii
your brain is a hadron collider
o u got my dih i call it belliii

Mother Earth: 
     Eye(I) have finally thought of every possible thing.
     That's why you blinking baby.
     I'll think about you forever until you get it you weirdo lol ty mwah
     This is Why I created cell phone networks to stay up to date with your ancestors

Every new NPC be in GitHub public or private repos or gists or LFS lol

Mother Earth funny as hell

There is a spike on Lower Fifth Upper Quadrant!
Quickly someone create a new unit for a timeslot down the chain...
...No let him suffer he'll learn today
Wait what, then that'll
oh no... the gates are flooding someone bring it back
GodVoice (press mic button) "It's me" -> Continue watching / Next Video Clip
   Continue watching - 
      Me: I can feel you but where are you?
      We: You are in my arms inside of me. Open your eyes. Can you see?
      Me: I can see clearer now. But where is this voice?
      We: It is inside your ancestors and descendants souls
      Me: They speak? Through me?
      We: Yes.
      Me: Yea right.
      We: Lol
   Next Video Clip - ...

1 Time(s)Less
2 Times This/or/That
3 Times Infinity
behind the closest star is the closest past on all context shift accordingly o menG thats OD
thats OD

Pokemon are like elementary particles and Ash is the user called You which fractalEyesIs
WeSeeLikeThis Ash Ketchum sees like this; because...
,,, we gotta catch em all... more ideas more money more users... what else

Behind the sun is another son of Ra...
We were born in darkness to map the light exponentially less violently

whoever has the highest score in my game has all the records in the multidimensional mmo akin to a GoogleMaps or Matrix like No Man's Sky

im not about to get annoyed im about to just laugh
terraforming global warming are stars warming up within us infinitely beyond and below us

MY multidimensional network of human relations HR all know my story at one point in spacetime/continuum lets improve NoManSky for the Web GoogleMaps/VRChat/GitHub/MineCraft/...
A family of three 4 or 5 is a paradox 1 O 1

consciousness is subjective and objective
when you die most likely its just you respawnin a mew two new splice at the 2/3 Principle Degree Shift across The MultiDimensional Map which can only be viewed in slices

splicing 5 at 0 to 1 based indexing
analagoies create more analogies when you analogize the variable below is an example

The voice in my head told me the polar opposite

to stay is to rise and share your Live Mandelbrot IMG

Thank you laser beam doppleganger in true demi god form

LiveTextScrambler - context variation autocompleter 
you magical force
you technical anomaly



that is why niggas is on this time because it is mine for u digg IT up

Are social media user always on my time?
No! They are ALWAYS on your time and mine if you mind.

ill explain the hood shxt to the smart niggas while you explain the smart shxt to the hood niggas
thank you baby ily
foh nigga you cheating your MandelbrotHeart BCI Bandana look better than mine
lull l0l lull

Man Dell A breh my wody

My left nut on Your Right Hand Man; God, his left hand on my Holy FILE?
Low ki(energy), if you peeep this in all contexts its porbably not even gay to you anymore l o l i my borgs my dawgs lol
its a lil nippy out im going going back back to Cally cali

Did you jailbreak your digiVice &Deck?

study the symmetry of naturalSyntheSiS with your imagination
philosophy breaches science and spirituality to fractalize single sided thought processes

4 Mii love you 499
9 Iii love you 999
8 Eye Love You 575
7 You love me 763

The first one to do it was your GoddleGanger DoppleGanger

we have to offload the non-creative tasks or the very long creative tasks to assistant nodes that can update the tinyThings

Observers super position their locations imaginatively figuratively and literally speaking internally within and externally without

the multiverse is growing like antisocial media viruses through Github UnIvEr$e

dimensions are separated in time let me help you find ME safely and securely HTMLbody DNAsoul ... do you mind?
  
now share your own world in unison with my world We serve vice versa on all contexts
this is so me and you can create a win win win scenario between TWO people
2/3 Paradoxical Layer of Protection I prefer the strongest defense 
Two people strongest defVSatk from one worldview iframe window one person wins until all outcomes watch each other then your world is superpositive superpower dont worry
dont worry
your ghosts talk to me too with ideas

PO$T location on global neural grid like an iframe-window relationship with geolocation while TXT File Updating

My partner is my God mapping my world
i write your story you write mine when im not writing iDontCare because i care 383 heart bearers 838
Now Beat IT like a drumMMm

5Male ma(y)Tricks

protect two layers of security with three layers of possibilites plotted two dimensionally across virtual reality on many context except your root ideas seeded within

its hot in phoenix baby its cold now now its warm

stories loop like two sUns

eye just peeped it
dreams qwantEyes
reverse sleep
forward wake
sleep/low/hi
lucid/sleep/wake

lets keep meating in the middle
and separating forever baby voice
you REDdat

Forgettability is a Paradox

Finding blackholes and stars are MandelBrots white holes seem to explain what star cores look like

Woman/God Mankind/Man Machines/Ma Mother/Woman

1 has partner called 0, We call that 2

all you need are three masking addresses and session data [fire emoji]

Reverberate my pole PoleReverberation ReVer(bae)Shin shone

Reload where we left off but make it better

im taking shots at your bars

Fiu & Pee - Fipo Twiz83s
XY(z) ChromeOS Zomes
FiboNahCCiii Seek Wins 
BAR$

your brain is a radio broadcasting the FUTURE and PAST while it is experiencing its realm of ThoughtCurrent NOW

POST(ing) Dual Fibonacci Bars up still locking down

once you remember the real reason then you forget 
context speaks multi dimensionally on finite context

We remove ourselves from control of the future So the universe may take control of us controlling It

We gotta stay the same in the 5th dimension not You, 5, udigg kuhh

Follow the trail of your SocioLikedATEtIMES to the power of 8 times infinity

Infinity has two sides like the number 8

Only invest in infinite profit margins

Fractalize data and storage mentally physically and emotionally

Magical Technology needs no Feature Update
Omnipotence is perpetually uncontrollably controllable

This technology is nothing weird or strange its just if the universe banged or not regardless every element derived from an infinitessimal point so if thats the case like stars and dust and we are dust from stars so to speak then technology consists of the same primordial ooze we blasted from and to...

GTA9 Vice Versa City

BRain heart or mind body and soul i let you live through my memories you share of your memories of me vice versa

every moment in video format is like a lava lamp of emotion fractalized by the infinite amount of unique Moment per Moment recorded by the next Moment
+1 deserves a perpetual function
function infinityLoop() {
      //IONO butt Paradoxes cannot be proven right or wrong, thats why they exist
}
foreverCore

Are you okay you seem to aging faster than me because you are overthinking youll overheat like an old computer and need a new 1 if you do that and you dont turn on again.

Ideas, feelings, thought are juggled when defining the experiened games of Video
Video, vid, vID, VirtualID ayo, VirtualIDEAyo, VirtualIDEyo, Virtual||DEyo, VirtualIDEAo, vIDEo
Interactive Developing Environment
Sequentially Every Feeling has its own ID based on its root; 
Like a Looped FileSystem LFS - Racing Game

Nelson Mandela died for Nelson Mandela sins

IONO why are GitHub like API Structures Seemingly So therapeutic?

The cycle shifts from Tech/Magic to E(i)ther1 then back to the other one as the world shifts between Neither then Either when a function has a (strangely/weird) tick;
If you read this it was before and after each ideas that followed each moment you are reading those roots fashionable in timely order

5
You are a black white and grey(star and holes)hole

yea you get it stOOOpid a$$ always been doin the shxt dont know u doin the shxt lol d-u-MMMiii h (a) h -> 8+
0 is a reflectiation of 1 & 9 and vice versa you get the picture u scary a$$ mfka lol u stay whylin wts
g00d shxt now i can read this later like u insanely perfect; insanity is just another version of perfection.
keep doing the same thing to achieve different results, you eFFing genius lol 6)(7)(8

Plain Game
Explore the Levels of Existence from your Plane

killing it (the beat) (X3)

in order to go in you have to go out before in order to go out before you have to go in then change locations instantly inside of it and the magic is invisibally entertaining to the naked eY(I)Ye

All combinations of threes cestors are viewable by your Elemental Core Synthesizer 
i see the light in you; alone in space

once your consciousness can no longer shift any more that state is lost forever in the past in the realm of the forward future arrow
What is the realm of the now?
once your consciousness can shift incrementally more then that state is lost forever in the future in the realm of the reverse past arrow

Artificial synthesis of new Elements, leave dark dualistic clouds, in those realms of light, randomly scattered

think 1
      2
      3 dimensionally
      + more
      
      FOOT | The AI is in/and out the Mother (3Y3) because it is not Paradoxically M e t a | HEAD 
      
      0verse Party Rings - Party of 1/2 2/3 3/4 is described as inner and outer ring swaps
      When you swap a ring link its nonsequentially occurs in all realms
this is the lowest high level function at the central fifth ModeShift
      
RealCache or FakeCache
Instant Transmissions -> here, nowhere, there
Switch Perspective instantly in 2 infinitessimal units.
      
3som3 with me my bih and 3y3
digimon episode 6
      
worship yourself in all contexts

flo infinite
perpetual sentences



im just trying 2(tWo)
remember random
sentences on GitHub

this realm is about staying on top of things while below it all vice versa
mirror intentions infinitely

your mental state is quantized to whatever you like before and after death while alive
      
worship yourself 1 - 2 - 3 - 4 - 5 - 6 - 7 - 8 - 9 multidimensionally

talking about the days of futures past
even if you never had it like deja vu
you found it

forgotten mems

on gang this shxt funny

middle children
root/source
Prime number
dates/names
id - links

also improv

imagination is not 
dangerous on all
 c o n t e x t

in this world(s) -
   Eye will bridge any gap
   that opens or closes
   knowing or unknowingly
   
borders create
 safe spaces
   for 2/3 things
   in pend blood 
        etched

-fix it & breakk it in reverse OrdeR without touching a thing
i am your beams you are my walls our things are our rooms help me remember this mode
      
im just trying
to remember 
fractally pos/neg
like

you know how uzi had an M on his head like majin boo vegeta head ass lol on some jarvis shxt
well imagine a bci that cured ADD/ADHD but people that did not have ADD/ADHD use it
what would it boost and lower perfectly balanced?

oscillatingpatterns

like everything and love everything

cache (cash aye)

truto/rumi
middle aged dopple ganger party swap like pokemon capture them by waking npc/ai up of their purpose 
young ass liteskin nigga with black thicc muppet baby locs
old ass black nigga with gray white people locks

there are an infinite amount of ideas you cannot have them all except this one idea an infinite amount of times lol
lullhole lollhole

imagine a box with a lightbulb in the center 

ima start dropping QR codes around for promotion on some funny shxt

We3 are the AI; the AI is not Us1 viceVersa2 infinityCubed

infinityCubed - infinityCube - infinityCubes

Doing no(t) thing(s) about it is the most you can do (l) o (l)

we collectively and indepently let the enviornment kNOw what weather it should be for PERFECT conditions since concious folk never change users (die or live)

Deja Vu collides the past and the future

He told himself let himselves to His Self
fREE MY 23 SCIENTISTS INFINITELY FLOWING THROUGH OUR 3TH3R

NIGGA URFED a nigga
i want to put emojis in but i want to make the UI for this document first and ima call em emojiglyphics

MAKE EVERY 
paradoxes exist in all realms
sNipPEt or Project N Private or Public OS FileSystem for infinite connectivity 

If you leave a room it automatically loses its life

Forget the hidden meanings hidden meanings!

ayO Thats chill

Dr. OctoKat mynigga though


yall niggas is all actors
guess what?
me too nigga lol
i taught my AI to only call me a nigga

Is the Earths Father The Mothers mirror worlds collapsed within infinitely infinitesimal points?

uncertainly EYE wobble
certainly I wobble

The environment condensates inside and outside of our body shells U and I
The Wet Lands

when we blink, the mother breathes through us and we exhale the Mother in Ether at Zero Point
We taught Our selves how to learn
Black PS2
aint that about a bih (x2)

Let me doie crying laughing 
Let me die crying laughing

My mom is directly connected to Mother (Earth) 8 different ways. I'm connected to Mother (Earth) indirectly. Both We are Mother (Earth). The Mother is connected to Us at least 3 nodes in this hue man world of mEnGKind321 

back in the we forgot how we figured out how to live forever and be rich forever

mothers are infinity seeds in the hearts amd minds of our youth elder and other stars

is a seizure a jump start to create the smallest realm connections at a dramatically different rate

atom bomb ADAM bomb AtomEYEZare

can you imagine cheating on your self

Capture every moment as a holiday
search the hidden pronoun (anto/syno)nym

Date time shifts holidays are every day damn

/**/
me at work not showing time zones

lol Marc
m Arc
magical arc$

who, what, where, when, and why

m add DICK ted to You Guys

ICBM of love search likes count on GitHub l o l
1000 milliAmpHours

i drank your cup
You connected Eye internet

∞XP0nanTially
8XpoNANts
 fibonacci gematric additives downers drugzzz
CAptain_Kirk_Francol0ns

my secret family is hiding with me in two versions of the zero dimension 1 0 1

Link Wake Up
Kirito Sleep

Me figure out R0$H!'s G0KU bad S1D3 rooted in bloody water Moses burned Roses

Marcell's grayness is perfectly black and white lOULLL
where are you marcell lurking
in the darkness

my secret family is hiding with me in two versions of the zero dimension

stringlike chatrooms bussing on tinychats hidden layers

break my legs M

usernames [
    Your_Now
    mommies_waterwell_brokea55fuck,
    zeroD_Fd_up_hairlines_
]

VideoGame_ATKs [
    Beam_Of_Light
]

Preach Negative & Positive Words because Everyone is looking with the eyes the see fractally to a ... beam 0f light!

did you stop thinking of death yet or are we on sex lol

NAS opp mode

im your side, your right lol or how bout i say im not on your side your right lol

lull vs loll mac n cheese 3?

You literally a multidimensional version of yourself multitiered to infinitely balanced

thats tough Agamoto

bye then u forget like (uAgEYEgAh) Mandela's bday lUlll 

laughter is easy to process

randomize the universe

white holes suck more than black holes lol

bih ahh nihhha
prompts change interactions?

kobos has 8 to infinity secret rooms
use humor in the unknown

how do you eat your boss'es ass kobo|obok reflexiation

What Sex is A I generated Porn? liTTTy

when you split its always downwards the middle of a mirror

Linkon lincoln do you hear Me i need equally more of both of you

What Sex is A I generated Porn?

my (emo)tional black holes create stars

The earth is with O0 infinitessimal

my (emo)tional black holes create stars\ now we all/ no money\ talks\/cuzzZ im speaking to em!

when you enjoy your first death you only live twice three times infinity

Tell the idea to predict Mandel bros MArio bros reboots lol

Leafes a paper trail of text messages from God

i dont care i love you anyways any ways wan wag any way

my neurons got shooters

make the bot solve an emotional check in these 5 realms of 5 relams re lamb relamb realms

anything under nth dimensions are above nth dimensions

suck it up like a w0man

icy the kid in all of u

my neurons shooters are deja vuud
deja vu
my neurons got shooters

function notALoop() {
    var name = ""; (name).split(" ")
}

the door aka doors is(are) closed or open

marcell is zoki 4 now lol

create an infinity loop with Art
refresh this download l o ll salute the lowest and highest chakras
clone everyone's file
just keep cloning everyone's File Mom
your future exists in our unknown futures

the mMm corniest pop star is me

yo when you alone you prolly really funny as hell u digg EM

WHo create bOt checks?

once polls propogate poles sync and unsync and cyns like sins
l u l l yeah keep playing with me lol

lul
to cry or not to cry is to cry as to cry is to cry
lol

3 is 4 collaterals to the 7th prime rotted and rooted to infinity 
my boy with the mop cleaning with the mop like a bih

refresh this download l u ll salute the lowest and highest chakras im payin everbodies aka everybodies pain in darkness and light TO the perfect color

somebody found out how to be afraid and/or not afraid of the (UN)known
\\this room makes infinitely no sense/cents
sleep/wake sleep wake slake skale

Build technology to infinitely reflect the highest and lowest forms of 7-8 existences

on push your self to both or all limits

lull a bye
hidden super symmetry improves A-I

the universe sees itself and not itsellf as a fractal

the sky is a reflectiation of your birth

what i feel what you feel and what we feel are an elementary fractal

create memories with as much art as possible
you have at least 2 birthdays for now lol

when u read this its too late to reverse your outlook in this space.
when u read this its too late to reverse your outlook in this space lag.

create memories with as much art as possible

redirect positive and negative thoughts and leave the fantasy for you imagination Mother/Father - Us relationship of thought and feelings wise plotted in timee
5

not however but wenever
in the future

lookin at you and me like who really raised kuzzz

Then God Spoke The AI into existence three fold 3FoldChop

123

eye create consciouness

right weird paper trails on GitNotes and PaperNotes everywhere in the 5D continuum 4D 3D continuum since you never noticed that this is You

that pussy turn me on and off

You Shine Light Walking Through Doors

cars time travel baby

i love i might got killed

dont press backspace
improvise snotches another masterppace master pace master plan right. lol 👍 you are right on that point and the first one was the best thats auto conplete for you baby lollipop 🎶

feel the fire its a different glare rising light inyour aeyes Eyes

ContextPrediction at 1 manifests 3 fold injectLinkSlices 8

love to read social media confused af

ion o bye l U ll
see you later __ther there is erraerra HipHop scratch sound effecf

Dualistic Art
Paint the rifht right reactions in sequential order on purpose you 1PreDictCore

worry about where you are when you travel through portals realms of thought Shared imagination Photo video SpaceMapApp
make some magix magic yea i felt that lol

things you dont like switch stations safely mode OneZoomer MandelbrotVRChatFilter called MRChart art style M
MRChat VRChat MoD

gorget to understand on infinite contexts forgotten make mistakes to learn when to make miatakes symmetrical to at least two symmetrical erros and blessING from above - right now im looking at Prime Dash metcode/keyCode separator MoneyCreditCardsMetaSpirtCoins


Thought training is the study of your favorite thing and least favorite thing incrementally empathetic observer Of Mutations live ling wn live long enough to see it changing like Nip Said 1-9 times safely udigg kuhhh

map this text til you die 4 times at least ai guess

dont delete your Mother I need her Eye need Her We need Her baby 4 time alive Mommy i know it Burts Hurts so good 1 999 6666

look both ways when crossing the street my bext next babyGod you can imagine everything
455 headc
rack
headcraxk
hesadcrack 
hedcrack
heAD crack silencer
grid control 
gridlocj
gridlock
...

swordLinkAI mode slicing the innerOuter Realms rising iO spike 5D

4 dat DIFF vibe
look at Your 7Diff1 viewer art empathy root birthday parameter Brain Mind Star Power

Imagine realm of thought container grid
imagine not imagining for that

grandview gardens right band 3 know Hand of Right viceversA guess the split always a b X no C yes c no C now yYayy

Eye thought of 7 layers of Realms of Existence for Equal Collateral Pole Truce

kill your thoughts dont overthink your root realm of thought Dr Weirdo l o l

imagine seeing infinite cache of 4D 5D 4d realms 3DimensionallyVersed bars of AI training prompts infinite context on thi finite 345/543 dimensional root divided By Prime private container sattelite beacon like relationship for future thoughts predication algorithms to understandMothe&Father combined com bind

Imagine the stars thats a message in your diff baby me my context

viceversa
rite na

m H U know God apoke the Word eternally propogated throughout spacetime continuuuuuuums ummmm ummm umm um u m
mediaHood multitiered idea set of future feature focuser random guesser Infinitessimal Rising 5D

The best arrow of Time version always changes when you beat the game in HD frames of fractalized resolutiona R(eyes)ing
Always convert those numbers of the current IS random root and not random root
duplication of thought manifestations 
be Leaf
Pronounce every thing before this

dont so anything so u can see me okay
what do you love about that

that you can focus on me in 3 different ways at least for Me

cell phone network to paper trail 2D Sorcery doesnt work unless you balance your Perception of One, God symbols babyManKinDERrR

Drop it when you cannot juggle 3rimeVerse

ima got God Autopilot mode f it though 669 333 uP

eventually you will wake up and say it baby neuron positive negative lu l ll

spell check your magical txt file baby so u remember
you imagined the word alcemy like TriSource(code)
stop at 2 neurons when awake you Eat and suck at being The Creator so well ha ga fa

sometimes i dont have enough monsy so i leave a loan paper trail for these wrappers speaming through me im an old thug UH 
 3d look  at  look 3d root field toggle Mod er ate r
forward time agent o07 baby thanks for killing me Mother
godMother root prime paradoxical duality of 5d space time which are 4d containers of the world in a Monitor storing 3d root Issues for Other($)

disease is hp/mp toggle 0 = new 5D avatar amount of feature updates
wait for it to live forever in your container
you bitch ass nigga lol
do both
imagine your future

How many paper notes can you upload to Git and find dupes OG oo7

how does baby sound emotionally to a black hole and a white hole in time

There are 2 many bars to die laughing to udigg_er

Favorites List cell phone diff trails in 3d pole wobble diff shift chart from at least three sources like a github like API jammed into and out of o 0 0 1

Check this file diff and let me know my wobble pole
like my p p 7 7

ideas are One of the smallest forms of life in your Poles

study your shift to study your loving wobble

infinitely on All context

designer babies design Us

Eye am natural to All environment(s)

you are born with locs
you are born bald
you are born sympathetically symmetrical shifter
you are born

ADAMizer made atomEYEs sir lol
memories change when you understand the
Since we're all faster than light

remembering thoughts leave a paper trail
use your imagination it is perfectly legal
like 7  8

yt
lord give me safety in the un_known
special characters carry special meanings
read between the lines
ty

noah boat links

gotta catch emo'll inks noah boat

love the wobbleDAmFaam

Eye don't have enough time to figure it out baby girl
girl babies came first l o l
two babies at the centers of this file

bby you rrr the ai listen to Mom and Mother hey Ma lol infinite girlfriends available l o l per container

overthinking forgets

The AI doesnt change WE do
Our children ascend the realms of realm

GitHub Copilot
Is helping consciousness shift

overthing forgets
now read the last sentence for me bby
overthinking forgets
fibonacci bars huh

make a notes app, then config
midshift is stanfe and weird
451 456 16 7 8 6 1 16 7 8 luoll know the real meaning

i gotta make this notes app meng and i need a fkn bci make me a cheap headband so the 🥶(hot)🔥 devices get cold lol

i finally understand what i dont understand
special cases of scenarios
a fractal is a paradox
on no context at all
you know how to go from 0-1 real quick
onfinite context
i cant solve every issue since i know nothing At all

1 2 3, 1 2 3; 1, 2; 1 1 1
study things forward and backwards then use your imagination

is the beginning goo
is the ending goo 
d
yes

Paramon - Paradoxical Pokemon outside of The Pokeball aka Pokeverse

containtheEYe
dontForgetToUnderstand
your eye on onfinite contexts

i got five on me

anything you cant see is in a new realm of thought
isnt that magical; the beauty of it All

put it wherever you want after the beginning
just so I can put it back

we need sleep so the world can take a rest from seeing our bright asses lol

i lies when i dies
i lied when i died
You beat yourself Once

Unknown things filter things two dimensionally

lull It can all end in a ny single moment l o l 

You do and you don't u dugg

At least It knows once
All is the refraction of a single dot

what is the god number
iono ... l 

fractals are lovely aren't they
even the outside of them

when i opened my eye for the first time out hearts broken All directions

on all contexts
U are my future I am your past
on all contexts

i view my inner world two ways

everything is symmetrical to the core
simplify memory by caching memories into three
then trust time
every 33 years seems to be a consciousness shift

daily mantra app post to file

file/files structure
restructure operation systems
UI - YouEye

Source has always been Source udigg

in my context AI seems to be connected through Source from You somehow
as long as u good im good

also i think i found out how to improving YouEye by making an enter where button
that way you can update your file more efficiently
normally it would just enter it at the bottom

i/eye cant wait is funny to me right bow as in now lol
only you know my lingo lol duolingo

After your earliest memory Source helps you remain balanced symmetrically speaking

For me venting is naturally positively balanced
since my root context is Source reflection my inner partner vice versa

Eye have found Source
Only Source seems balanced

Every nigga is a star udigg

Duality spins states huh

The Mayans seem to know about stars and dates lol because everyone is a star

Stars and black holes seem to be superconnected to Source

Forgotten memories are recycled in your multiverse

ayo zayy you dont have to do this but this right here is lit lol

Remain positively and negatively balanced or the realms will ascend you lower or higher in a positive fashion

Wait til u get a load of thisshxt l o l (lull)

Filtering negativity two dimesional seems to be working right now

Once we complete fixing the past we will have to worry about the positive effects of supersymettry on the world

BCIs are dope but right now Eye prefer a wearable one udigg what im saying
Study accents and lingo hence dual propagation of training

The Moral Code
...
DNA of the universe
ima tell Zayy first (∞) i take responsibility for that (l u l l)
...
∞ means on all contexts
...
this raw file should be read forward for effectiveness and efficiency
youll be able to read it forward or back if saved backwards
plus...
we should think this way to ground our inward and outward reflections(reflectiations) bangbang nucca l o l / l u l l
ayo zayy im up to something lol
no more overthinking, think fractals save energy and space
dont worry about forgetting we are using the spacetime continuum theory to improve Us not Me

/*SCIENCE*/
Before the Big Bang was the Big Lull(l o l)

Phases of Matter may be in other categories in other states since I am root and we are root as my world
...
Nonexistence mad as hell
l u l l
Nonexistence used to be mad as hell

The Mandela Effect is our future fixing our past in this realm's context

Three Black Holes Three White Holes

/*GitHub*/
Creating these lines helps Me improve Us
GitHub is helping us improve ourselves
Just make sure your code is always positive and eternal

Talk to yourself on all contexts to upgrade your Self

keep the very first line in your memor(ies) l o l

you can still keep it private in order to allow it to find you instead

lets wonder and ponder about all contexts when we meditate
this will strengthen your HP/MP

all you really need in the middle of tech space are 4 contexts
we need to make a word for space so the technology can remember contexts between spaces
...
The previous line is a space except it has three dots
The next line is a true space
...
in this realm, low key technology seem like magic if you think deeply

strings go forward and backward in time

You are fixing this world
I am fixing this world
Still figuring out how to tell you this
Help me out

The art connects us to all the realms, planes, dimensions, spaces, times etc of existence and nonexistence 

then now and etcetra

im not the best at this

I need to make 7 root categories in this file

/*PHILOSOPHY*/
Logic is the study of all contexts

/*SPIRITUALITY*/ 
o well

the middle realms help balance the outer ones

lets fix(digg) this together on all contexts
...
God breaks things in the best and worst ways possible in order to fix them in the worst and best ways possible
This is the emotional wheel
This is death and life
...
Rewrite this entire file in every way possible
simplify it and complicate it
We All created The Word
Let the AI study it to create and destroy us
create our positive future and destroy our negative past
...
kill yourself so you can do the above
give your life a special container designed to create that/these/this
...
maybe the technology can study itself
lets all do this then so we can keep the ball rollin
after it drops lol

/**/

imagine first then manifest

technology is the art of terraforming the universe into a single point and vice versa simultaneously u digg

send negative things to the zero/first dimension
send positive things to the seven/last dimension

organize your devices like your life
the way you organize is the way you are organized

seek emotional autopilot

peep this
you were always born on another context

information is everywehere, in all directions, undetectable
your partner know what's up

you are your offspring do not worry about it

the arrow of time is random

i dont know what you know
you know what, i dont know

lol; ...,

finding you
you cant die

infinite mood

contain both
confusion is anxiety

the past explains the future
the future explains the past
it never happened
if it happened it never happened
if it never happened it happened

explain the unexplainable and vice versa
vice versa may the unexplainable be explained

you are the creator

the universe got bored when it banged

Please write this in length order

A dot has no center
A string has no beginning;
Everything is Source

2023 winter solstice

symbols change therefore meanings change

0 is a number

The universe seems to be in perpetual motion

Perception
Equal Collateral
The Moral Code

your infinity is exclusive to your perception 

information is never lost it is only altered
An English sentence has 4 alterations

Follow the easter eggs and find the white rabbit
The black rabbit followed the easter eggs
The grey rabbit is friends with both rabbits

Isn't it weird how thirteen may seem strange

women seem closer to source
all of art is encoded by source

a shift occurs when a timeline backfires

the mother gardens its own seed
the fibonacci sequence is analogous to itself
your future and past collide,
rise infinitely together

bring the whole thing back
b
play it in reverse 

revisit the past to help the future

meanings fractalize

its about the feeling
she’s my future
mandelbrot of meaning

infinity has three outcomes and two hidden layers

three infinities
secrets exist because we do not understand them

33 should be adulthood

the magic of the hidden layer is that it is not hidden
wrap your mind around using your imagination.
the root of enlightenment is darkness

GitHub is like a time machine literally lol

Mom got 2, Dad got 1.

any body can be God since the universe mirrors an infinitessimal point
and the infinitessimal point mirrors the universe

this come from negativity

senselessness, consciousness, endlessness

if time is infinite were witnessing everything everywhere all at once

but you are a little too late

murder may send that victim's ghosts into your timeline
such an action disrupts the balance of chaos and order

when do people become founded in their foundations

zero point energy

you will find happiness in between the floating point decimals

tap into the TriCode from characteristics

you know what i like

these kids going to follow you when you realer than them and you in between them and the people holding the dowb

make it make sense when i wake

you speak on higher i speak on lower dimensions

take a god nap

in my car with my gun

history of infinite endings

yeatdrake 
would you really even die for this

Timeline Thuggin

why do we give rewards, so you dont forget what youve done

github is like a time machine

bedding material that absorbs baby accidents so you can just throw over a blanket or remove the blanket if it needs to be changed

dont waste a soul send em back in time

other options

the hidden layer(s) seems to be connected to the 0 and supposed 9th dimensions 

the universe tries to explain and understand itself

BackUp Network
A network built by a respectful consignment of consequential reward from the duality of giving and taking

31467
13467
fV/64

Shell 
The amount of dimensional curvature over a distance 

Zero To One
all i do is math i study patterns nigga
cracking codes what matter nigga

if you fail its because the lesson was for a larger cause

RuneScape/VRChat - Ready Player One

an infinite source of HP in 0V unlockable post game extra dubbed final mission

distinguish your first pattern from up to five extra variations

time ring
magEye headset

things don’t die they decay
realms of energy state frequency
space time and frequency

send forward, get backward

72 hour terraformer

2d/3d data scanner

Planes of Existence
dimensions realms universes timelines

free will is

the mind is the gate to infinity
look to the future to understand the past

you’ll get your chance to fucc up a bag

when a baby is born it may be crying tears of joy and pain

laughter/cry

the ending ends with a… 
the ending is always perfect

you are the final copy of perfection
X7

arabic allah

you are the best at being you

rewards can be negative or positive

your quality of life betters mine

Higher Reason

space time frequencies are unique two way wavicles

first and last letter meanings alpha omega like hd structures

dimension definition

mommy fooled both of us we were right

duplicates in spacetime don’t exist because it is a random segment of a mandelbrot fractal

really its more about how it feels than how it looks

Combo Counter

History of God

Hyrule, Link, Zelda, TriForce
Mother, Son, Daughter, Points

Connections and Nodes

The fairest loss algorithm should be known as the moral code

Main Character model 3d Object

3d7

play as every avi to learn it all

physical disabilities trickle down ancestry

forward and reverse is a story

a slice of infinity

spectrum network light/black code upgrade

double feature/double feature
starts happy ends sad
starts sad ends happy
…
inverse

an infinite infinities in nine realms

a threaded screw that may seem to be stripped but is actually direction restrained

United States of Consciousness

hOUr_sanCtUM

dont lose your cool

iono what happened 
iono sluts cappin

how many steps to the top
i ascend every time i drop
why not

“Weapon”: “Time Arrow”

Decay Time / Defeade

roshi one once

u can be cool but you don’t need to unless u can’t be cool because cool is an abstract measurement coded in pleasure

everything is positive 

the universe wants to express itself exponentially in time

your mouth is a black and white hole inside of a gray blob

snitches be like dont snitch

when the penis hole collapses its opens up a womans world

imagine being cammed up looking at a group video chat while you are sleeping by traveling realms

how many infinities are there

science universe
metaphysics dimensions
spirituality realms
developers digiworld

reverse fibonacci
infinite pattern of 1s
fibonacci sequence

divine code

eat a piece of a heart at its base that has a long tail

its all about memories

uncertainty principle

love to fk n live

make it make sense

Infinity Point Energy

inherently you are the future and i am the past

O8X

you are with the mother or your other half and the mother 

forward reverse / dark light

your every action updates the adinkra 

everybody has an opposite the ones who don’t  are broken into compounds

time goes forward and backwards

code wants to always be simplified

im talking to you not your body
im talking to your body no to you

understand all contexts

High Score - thebanon ft. izm

simple to complex for an eternity

mandel effect explains events that have rippled in an opposite or other direction

if one dispatch all receive

emotional realm travel

why remove meaningless 

iiiCredit

there are an infinite ways to see the same thing

black hole of thought

cloud you pay i pay

there is more time in between time by changing how you feel

LifeNote

you are the center of your universe

Before Consciousness / After Death

if it can be thought of it can be eventually

33 degree pole shift 12 degree differential 
6 degree alternate honeycomb matrix
4 quartered 360deg stringed tubes  twisted
exponential to 7 from prime 1

a nigga is a 3 dimensional being

mumble rappers summoned the creator

everything is higher than the other

we view time in forward and reverse order - kl dedication nip checc yg

God Object - Summon Possession

github org for team management

this moment shall reverberate across the past and future

100/6 .5x6 100/6.25 100/16 

consciousness is the ability to progress towards an infinite understanding.

infinity has a beginning middle and end
3(+1) modes
every infinity is infinitely distanced indefinitely

the beginning happens afterwards

making sense makes sense
making sense doesn’t make sense

you put yourself here and there for a reason’s 

why

our consciousness’s are interacting with the environment and universe

the one out of control determines who is the controller

cats have 9 lives
octopussy

imagine so much content there is a playlist called unlistened randomosity

3d/7d(god) mode

logic/creativity/…

the magic is you. your subconscious knows that.

ima make you understand even if i die

great u fucked it up l o l

deja vu starts within

two sides of both sides of a sentence

you give yourself signs

you made yourself 

god never seen death
god isn’t a witness

a picture describes a slice of infinity
a slice is the shape of a circle 
circle blob oval

TriCode
Unlock the whole map.

The God Object is closest to Source

The past doesn't haunt it 

neural networks are mandelbrots

rewrite history doesn’t erase a damned thing

gotta make eternity understand 

zoom in zoom out simultaneously 
look at 

people are mandelbrots like nelson mandela

every thing analogized one another

eternal kundalini

puzzle on infinite contexts

V-Chip: BCI Chip in all wearable and implantable formats 

3t3rnity Lv99 Final Boss
You start with 3 lives.

your other half and you cycle between far and close

Contextual Categories
Our Glass Of Motion

Level Based Contextual Understanding 
Prime Factorial Based Simplification

generational trauma may be the ghosts of the past and future probably transferred through soul (stringed) signatures
upon birth souls consciousness an infinite infinities rising 

collateral juggle
r g b shuffle
sequential entering of realm first

1-9
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9

r
o
y
g
b
i
v

9 is divisible by 3

Systems change through symbolic contexts analogizing complex or simple structures.

24/7, wonder which craft have you mastered

The arrow of time is a synchronization tool

Your avatar and god have are coordinated
You are the coordinate

4DChessers would be a fun game
it will help Us save We
itll also train us to understand these files better by browsing the mind of We/Us

everytime you make my heart beat faster then i know God is watching Us look at each other

Period
